here we are now recording gabriel's birthday gifts
here they are
two watches
a gift from me and the roger and another gift from a neighbor
the two of sponge bob
good for us
on here
a girl to protect the cell phone
It's the cell phone case.
that Flaunia liaoning and gave it to him
The cell phone is the spongebob.
if someday he spongebob case
This carcass
affection
he can change
and with him
all white
he is totally tactile
all the options of a normal cell phone since photo recording
everything has three different flights
social networks he estimated that they deserve a certain marine the Colombian
everything has your cell phone
as the new option
it's three different minutes
when we were charging money for the song here
fifth head with a taco is worth it
now
kyoto
in your power for the quality of life and there
and when people read
expect increase pedi occurred pin code
lucchetti
here is how to be human
click here
act
Olympic
that's what he talks about
sic
art
so it takes a little interruption
in the first
it is the one that appears in the menu below
in this menu
Here we first have a photo.
It's very good, by the way, the photo of him is very good.
Here I have it for lupi.
As you can see
I'm going to take a photo
Looping
well the picture is perfect
very good
Now I'm going to take the picture of the little things that call
and also if he has to postpone
have games
has everything
the last one they need said lula this cell phone even being childish
here are the photos he's taking
asphalt of his things
and he stayed
very happy with this gift with everyone in general
but recognizes that it has a more caring that special gate or triscando total
when in it just to record the same video
because the property on the line is limited
so mclaren